Addressing questions around Context step (#9598)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/engagement_tools/canvas/canvas_components/context.md

Users will enter the Canvas when they check in for their flight. To determine lounge access eligibility, we'll create a context variable called `lounge_access_granted` in a Context step, then reference that context variable in subsequent steps of the user journey.

![Context variable set up to track if a passenger qualifies for VIP lounge access.][2]{: style="max-width:90%"}

In this Context step, we'll use decision logic to set `lounge_access_granted` to `true` if either:

- The user is a Rewards Club member (checked against their user profile attribute)
- The user has purchased a first-class ticket (determined from the Canvas entry event data)

Next, we'll create an audience group to target users where {% raw %}`{{context.${lounge_access_granted}}}`{% endraw %} is `true`. Then, we'll set up a Message step for this audience to create a push notification that includes personalized lounge information. 

Based on this context variable, eligible passengers will receive information about accessing the exclusive VIP lounge before their flight.

> ![An audience group step with lounge_access_granted set to true.][3]{: style="max-width:90%"}

Reviewer: Nit but should this be 'audience paths step'?

Author: Good call

> ![An audience group step with lounge_access_granted set to true.][3]{: style="max-width:90%"}

Author: ```suggestion
![An Audience Paths step with lounge_access_granted set to true.][3]{: style="max-width:90%"}
```

```
{%endraw%}

## Troubleshooting {#troubleshooting}

### Invalid context variables

A context variable is considered invalid when:
- A call to an embedded Connected Content fails.
- The Liquid expression at runtime returns a value that doesn't match the data type or is empty (null).

For example, if the context variable data type is **Number** but the Liquid expression returns a string, it is invalid.

In these circumstances: 
- The user will advance to the next step. 
- The Canvas step analytics will count this as _Not Updated_.

> Keep an eye on your _Not Updated_ analytic when troubleshooting and ensure your context variable is updating correctly. Your users can continue in your Canvas past the Context step but not qualify for later steps if the context variable is invalid.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When troubleshooting, monitor the _Not Updated_ metric to check that your context variable is updating correctly. If the context variable is invalid, your users can continue in your Canvas past the Context step, but may not qualify for later steps.
```
Minor suggestion, feel free to adjust!

Refer to [Context variable data types](#context-variable-types) for the example setups for each data type.

## Frequently asked questions

### How do context variables differ from Canvas entry properties?

> If you’re participating in the Context step early access, Canvas entry properties are now included as Canvas context variables. This means you can send Canvas entry properties using the Braze API and reference them in other steps, similar to using a context variable with the Liquid snippet.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you're participating in the Context step early access, Canvas entry properties are now included as Canvas context variables. This means you can send Canvas entry properties using the Braze API and reference them in other steps, similar to using a context variable with the Liquid snippet.
```

Author: good catch, thanks!
